"Which of the following one-way transmissions are permitted?" "Transmissions necessary to assist learning the International Morse code" "Unidentified test transmissions of less than one minute in duration" "Regular transmissions offering equipment for sale, if intended for Amateur Radio use" "All these choices are correct"
"What usually happens to radio waves with frequencies below the LUF?" "They are completely absorbed by the ionosphere" "They are bent back to Earth" "They pass through the ionosphere" "They are bent and trapped in the ionosphere to circle Earth"
"Why do most amateur stations use lower sideband on the 160-meter, 75-meter, and 40-meter bands?" "It is good amateur practice" "Lower sideband is more efficient than upper sideband at these frequencies" "Lower sideband is the only sideband legal on these frequency bands" "Because it is fully compatible with an AM detector"
"For which of the following modes is a Class C power stage appropriate for amplifying a modulated signal?" "FM" "SSB" "AM" "All these choices are correct"
"What is one way that RF energy can affect human body tissue?" "It heats body tissue" "It causes radiation poisoning" "It causes the blood count to reach a dangerously low level" "It cools body tissue"
"The bandwidth of a band-pass filter is measured between what two frequencies?" "Upper and lower half-power" "Cutoff and rolloff" "Pole and zero" "Image and harmonic"
"Which of the following most limits an HF mobile installation?" "Efficiency of the electrically short antenna" "'Picket fencing'" "The wire gauge of the DC power line to the transceiver" "FCC rules limiting mobile output power on the 75-meter band"
"What is the capacitance of a 20 microfarad capacitor connected in series with a 50 microfarad capacitor?" "14.3 microfarads" "0.07 microfarads" "70 microfarads" "1000 microfarads"
"How close to the upper edge of the phone segment should your displayed carrier frequency be when using 3 kHz wide USB?" "At least 3 kHz below the edge of the band" "At least 3 kHz above the edge of the band" "At least 1 kHz above the edge of the segment" "At least 1 kHz below the edge of the segment"
"Which of the following instruments may be used to monitor relative RF output when making antenna and transmitter adjustments?" "A field strength meter" "An antenna noise bridge" "A multimeter" "A Q meter"
"On which of the following band segments may you operate if you are a Technician class operator and have a Certificate of Successful Completion of Examination (CSCE) for General class privileges?" "On any General or Technician class band segment" "Only the Technician band segments until your upgrade is posted in the FCC database" "Only on the Technician band segments until your license arrives in the mail" "On any General or Technician class band segment except 30 meters and 60 meters"
"Where should the radial wires of a ground-mounted vertical antenna system be placed?" "On the surface of the Earth or buried a few inches below the ground" "As high as possible above the ground" "Parallel to the antenna element" "At the center of the antenna"
"Which of the following would disqualify a third party from participating in stating a message over an amateur station?" "The third party's amateur license has been revoked and not reinstated" "The third party is not a U.S. citizen" "The third party is a licensed amateur" "The third party is speaking in a language other than English"
"How is an FSK signal generated?" "By changing an oscillator's frequency directly with a digital control signal" "By keying an FM transmitter with a sub-audible tone" "By using a transceiver's computer data interface protocol to change frequencies" "By reconfiguring the CW keying input to act as a tone generator"
"What does the A-index indicate?" "The long-term stability of Earth's geomagnetic field" "The relative position of sunspots on the surface of the sun" "The amount of polarization of the sun's electric field" "The solar radio flux at Boulder, Colorado"
"What is meant when memory is characterized as non-volatile?" "The stored information is maintained even if power is removed" "It is resistant to radiation damage" "It is resistant to high temperatures" "The stored information cannot be changed once written"
"Which of the following causes opposition to the flow of alternating current in a capacitor?" "Reactance" "Conductance" "Reluctance" "Admittance"
"Which of the following describes a waterfall display?" "Frequency is horizontal, signal strength is intensity, time is vertical" "Frequency is horizontal, signal strength is vertical, time is intensity" "Frequency is vertical, signal strength is intensity, time is horizontal" "Frequency is vertical, signal strength is horizontal, time is intensity"
"Which of the following is a good way to indicate on a clear frequency in the HF phone bands that you are looking for a contact with any station?" "Repeat 'CQ' a few times, followed by 'this is,' then your call sign a few times, then pause to listen, repeat as necessary" "Sign your call sign once, followed by the words 'listening for a call' -- if no answer, change frequency and repeat" "Say 'QTC' followed by 'this is' and your call sign -- if no answer, change frequency and repeat" "Transmit an unmodulated carried for approximately 10 seconds, followed by 'this is' and your call sign, and pause to listen -- repeat as necessary"
"What does the term 'zero beat' mean in CW operation?" "Matching the transmit frequency to the frequency of a received signal" "Matching the speed of the transmitting station" "Operating split to avoid interference on frequency" "Sending without error"
"What is the maximum symbol rate permitted for RTTY or data emission transmission on the 20-meter band?" "300 baud" "56 kilobaud" "19.6 kilobaud" "1200 baud"
"Which of the following is a disadvantage of multiband antennas?" "They have poor harmonic rejection" "They present low impedance on all design frequencies" "They must be used with an antenna tuner" "They must be fed with open wire line"
"What might cause reflected power at the point where a feed line connects to an antenna?" "A difference between feed-line impedance and antenna feed-point impedance" "Operating an antenna at its resonant frequency" "Using more transmitter power than the antenna can handle" "Feeding the antenna with unbalanced feed line"
"Which mixer input is varied or tuned to convert signals of different frequencies to an intermediate frequency (IF)?" "Local oscillator" "Image frequency" "RF input" "Beat frequency oscillator"
"Which of the following conditions will cause a Ground Fault Circuit Interrupter (GFCI) to disconnect the 120 or 240 Volt AC line power to a device?" "Current flowing from one or more of the voltage-carrying wires directly to ground" "Current flowing from one or more of the voltage-carrying wires to the neutral wire" "Overvoltage on the voltage-carrying wires" "All these choices are correct"
"In what segment of the 20-meter band are most PSK31 operations commonly found?" "Below the RTTY segment, near 14.070 MHz" "At the bottom of the slow-scan TV segment, near 14.230 MHz" "At the top of the SSB phone segment, near 14.325 MHz" "In the middle of the CW segment, near 14.100 MHz"
"When selecting an SSB transmitting frequency, what minimum separation should be used to minimize interference to stations on adjacent frequencies?" "Approximately 3 kHz" "5 to 50 Hz" "150 to 500 Hz" "Approximately 6 kHz"
"What is the approximate junction threshold voltage of a germanium diode?" "0.3 volts" "0.1 volt" "0.7 volts" "1.0 volts"
"Which of the following would reduce RF interference caused by common-mode current on an audio cable?" "Placing a ferrite choke around the cable" "Adding series capacitors to the conductors" "Adding shunt inductors to the conductors" "Adding an additional insulating jacket to the cable"
"How many watts of electrical power are used if 400 VDC is supplied to an 800 ohm load?" "200 watts" "0.5 watts" "400 watts" "3200 watts"
"What is likely to happen if a transceiver's ALC system is not set properly when transmitting AFSK signals with the radio using single sideband mode?" "Improper action of ALC distorts the signal and can cause spurious emissions" "ALC will invert the modulation of the AFSK mode" "When using digital modes, too much ALC activity can cause the transmitter to overheat" "All these choices are correct"
"Which ionospheric layer is closest to the surface of Earth?" "The D layer" "The E layer" "The F1 layer" "The F2 layer"
"Approximately how long is each side of the driven element of a quad antenna?" "1/4 wavelength" "1/2 wavelength" "3/4 wavelength" "1 wavelength"
"On which HF/MF bands is a General class license holder granted all amateur frequency privileges?" "160 meters, 60 meters, 30 meters, 17 meters, 12 meters, and 10 meters" "60 meters, 20 meters, 17 meters, and 12 meters" "160 meters, 80 meters, 40 meters, and 10 meters" "160 meters, 30 meters, 17 meters, 15 meters, 12 meters, and 10 meters"






